FIX MUST BE SIMPLE.

0-bug/fix
1-features
2-fixed-test is needed
3-impossible for us now.


corebox
0 - same name folder and file not move to trash if same name file exist.
0 - Mouse left button click is not working for corebox tabwidget beside the tabbar.
0 - icon and title not changing perfectly.
0 - closing the corebox needs to inform the app.
1 - add display scale support.
1 - add option for using default window manager.
3 - separate process for per app.
1 - tab text align left.

globalfunction
1 - file moved message.
1 - finished copying message.
1 - file deleted & delete failed message.

style
0 - save change dialog button >> light mode >> qmessagebox.
1 - disable text color
2 - changing the theme ,sometime crashes the app(change immediately needed?)

start
0 - after changing the font >>start >> coreapps grid size not incising
1 - delete the last one from list and add new at first in all list.
1 - start button in side of tab(+).
1 - option to sidebar or tab button(+).
1 - add reminder option.

bookmarks
1 - make bookmark count more relevant
0 - when a bookmark is selected show the delete and edit button on side of the selected bookmark otherwise hide them.
1 - one click to open all the bookmark in one section(only first 8 of them).
1 - one button to bookmark all the opened tabs.

dashboard
0 - multiple dashboard crash the whole app.
1 - remove unwanted partition.
1 - selected drive will show only it's partition.
1 - mount specific partition on corebox startup.
1 - add drive frame in drive view.

search
1 - if search opened from FM hide locate option.
1 - show the file/folder in coerFM with selecting the file/folder.
2 - if path is given ,find is not working.but locate is working.

setting
0 - changes in app dose not save, when corebox is closed directly.(not app)

corefm
1 - move mime-related code from FileUtils to MimeUtils.
1 - combine the properties, fileUtils and desktopfile code to one file named utilities.
1 - save the splitter position of viewDir in coreFM
0 - able to create file/folder shortcuts.
0 - page text in root folder is showing blank.
0 - pathedit to lineEdit.
1 - rightbuttonMenu>new add a new option. directly make a paint app file.
3 - set custom icon in home's folder.
1 - Can't open other terminal using QProcess.
3 - Implement clearDeadDefaults() method in MimeUtils.
3 - Some *.desktop file has more groups(sections) and each group can contain.
    exec command, but only first is read, this must be fixed.

corepaint
0 - save the changes>>yes>cancel>>closes the corebox(it should not).
1 - add triangle instrument.

coretime
0 - stopwatch timing is not perfect.
0 - fix the timer start/pause button .
0 - Notify user when an alarm is set.
0 - save the alarm list in config folder.(another file if possible.
0 - improve the alarm .
0 - snooze.ui>>> ailing the button in center
0 - need a done button for alarm completion.
1 - set reminder option.

coreimage
1 - ctrl + wheel = zoom shortcut.
1 - zoom from mouse pointer.

coreplayer
1 - video thumbnails of play-list.
0 - after stop clicked player widget turns white color.

corepdf
1 - move to poppler base.
0 - fix the space in path issue.
0 - on first start corepdf cannot show any pdf file.

corepad
0 - save the changes>>yes>cancel>>closes the corebox(it should not).

corearchiver
1 - Inform user when extracting and compressing is finished.

coreshot
1 - take fullscreen shot using x11.

coreterminal
0 - Add search bar at coreterminal (not needed for now).
2 - Open terminal as root for current directory is not supported.

coreaction

coreRenamer

help
1 - add some recommendation.

library
3 - check library and its version before building from our app using qmake.
1 - Update the libcterminal.
1 - disable all the build warnings from librarys

New app
-Backup.


Packaging
0 - fix the fonts in appimage.
0 - make all deb package at one

in-future
1 - make manjaro iso with lxqt desktop as base.


*remove unwanted function from all cpp files.
*code merge



utilites will be like global function .no class??
add all all the desktop file.
save to recent = fix
add the setup folder
start line 199,202,69
add try icon and intregrat with all app.code utilities line 171.
utilities line 135.
globalfunction line 447
corepad line 459
fix the corepaint,coeimage,corerenamer startUP .
quiting the coreaction closing all the opend app.
fix the creterminal open and close.
coretime search for "fix"
add itregation of bookmarkit ,archiver through desktop file
restor session dose not restore all the app.
coreterminal line 214
user selectable (coreapps + systemApps) list in coreaction
see the itemtotext function in corefm line 2323
corefm  fileutilites.cpp 361
fix movetotrsh function.
compear the FileUtils::totalSize vs getSize
open in corefm with select a folder
why is hilighter distroctor commented?
fix corepad line 167 ,corerenamer line 476, settings.cpp line 472 ;according to corefm line 648
closeAllTabs and on_paintTabs_tabCloseRequested in corepaint never exe
corerenamer line 453 , where the work of "yes"
same diclaration for geting filepath for recent activites.
add getSize function+ in utility class
multipal filesize is not showing
add an setting to turn off the highlighter of corepad.
add updateed udisk2 and add our code in it.
in start recentActivites dose not show the system app icon.
cut,copy,past ,delete in rightbutton menu in corepaint.


test
multipal file trash ,like(702mb +1.2 gb)

